Gojee Transaction Data

Files labeled "hackathon_gojee_transactions" represent grocery store
transaction data for reward card users.  Each line lists one food item
in a transaction; a transaction consists of one or more food items.
Food items are in pipe-separated variable format, with the following
values:

1. Transaction ID: a 10-digit integer representing the transaction

2. Item Sequence Number: an integer indicating the position of the
given food item in the transaction.  A transaction ID and an item
sequence number form a unique value.

3. Reward Card Number: a 19-digit integer representing a customer's
reward card number

4. Store ID: an integer representing the store where the transaction
occurred

5. Transaction Datetime: the timestamp of the transaction in "YYYYmmDD
HH:MM:SS" format

6. UPC: an integer between 1 and 11 digits representing the food
item's product ID

7. UPC Type: an integer indicating what type of item is being
purchased (standard purchase, coupon scan, credit, etc.).  In these
files this will always be 0.

8. Price: A decimal number listing the price of the item.

9. Net price: A decimal number listing the actual price paid (after
any discounts).

10. Item quantity: the number of items scanned with the given UPC.



Gojee Product Catalog Data

The file "hackathon_gojee_items.psv" contains the product catalog for
the items in the transaction data.  Each line represents one item in
the product catalog, with the following format:

1. UPC: an integer between 1 and 11 digits representing the food
item's product ID

2. Description: double-quoted string containing a short description of
the item

3. Size: double-quoted string containing the size and unit measurement
for the item (for example, " 16 Z" is 16 ounces).  Items that are sold
by unit rather than with a weight or volume are listed with a "#".

4. Zone 1 Quantity: integer representing availability at stores in zone 1

5. Zone 1 Price: decimal price of the item at stores in zone 1

6. Zone 2 Quantity: integer representing availability at stores in zone 2

7. Zone 2 Price: decimal price of the item at stores in zone 2

8. Zone 3 Quantity: integer representing availability at stores in zone 3

9. Zone 3 Price: decimal price of the item at stores in zone 3

10. Pricing Method: string indicating whether the item is priced by
unit or by weight

11. COOL: country of origin labeling

12. Department Number: integer representing the department to which
the item belongs

13. Category: integer listing the category of the item (dairy, meat,
produce, etc.)

14. Seasonal: string indicating whether the item is seasonal
(whitespace unless true)
